README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README for IRCTC Reimagined project
Updated the README to reflect project rebranding and added details about the tech stack, features, and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# 🚄 IRCTC Reimagined: The Future of Rail Travel

> **Task 3: Rebrand a Famous Brand’s Website Using AI**
> *Future Interns Full Stack Web Development Internship*

## 🌟 Project Overview
This project is a modern, AI-powered reimaging of the **IRCTC (Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation)** booking platform. 

The goal was to take one of the most high-traffic, complex utility sites in India and transform it into a seamless, futuristic user experience using **Next.js**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **Generative AI**.

## 🚀 Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** Next.js 14 (App Router), React.js
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS, Framer Motion (Animations)
- **AI Tools Used:** - **Adobe Firefly:** Generated the holographic train assets and logo concepts.
  - **ChatGPT:** Generated the modern color palette and marketing copy.
- **Backend (Planned):** Firebase (Auth & Database)

## ✨ Key Features
- **Futuristic UI:** A clean, "Glassmorphism" design that replaces the cluttered legacy interface.
- **AI-Powered Route Suggestions:** (Concept) Smart recommendations based on travel history.
- **Instant Seat Availability:** Visual representation of seat maps (replaces the text-heavy tables).
- **Dark/Light Mode:** Seamless theme switching for night-time booking.

## 🎨 Design Decisions (AI-Assisted)
- **Primary Color:** `#2563eb` (Electric Blue) - Represents trust and technology.
- **Accent Color:** `#f97316` (Sunset Orange) - A nod to the original Indian Railways branding but modernized.
- **Typography:** `Inter` & `Rajdhani` (for that high-tech transport feel).

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/FUTURE_FS_03.git](https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/FUTURE_FS_03.git)
